Feat: added target configuration + event-factory support (#27)
logstash-plugins/logstash-codec-fluent: docs/index.asciidoc

* the fluent uses a second-precision time for events, so you will never see

>   subsecond precision on events processed by this codec.

Reviewer: I know that this was pre-existing, but we can improve it by using this instead: 

> NOTE: The fluent uses a second-precision time for events, so you will never see subsecond precision on events processed by this codec.

Reviewer: Also, it seems like a word is missing.  "NOTE: The fluent ________ uses a second-precision time..." Should that be the fluent schema? The fluent codec?

Author: if it's missing something than it would be the msgpack schema but it's a fluent specific use here ... would this work?
```suggestion
NOTE: Fluent uses second-precision for events, so you will not see sub-second precision on events processed by this codec.
```
(honestly not even sure if that statement is true anymore)

Reviewer: Your call. We should move forward to get your other important changes in. Perhaps we open an issue for tracking the validity of the statement? 

I've approved, and I trust your judgement on how to proceed. Lemme know if you'd like for me to open an issue.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-options"]
==== Fluent Codec configuration options

[cols="<,<,<",options="header",]
|=======================================================================
|Setting |Input type|Required
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-nanosecond_precision>> |<<boolean,boolean>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-target>> |<<string,string>>|No
|=======================================================================

> &nbsp;

Reviewer 2: Do we need the `&nbsp;` ?

Author: not sure it's a copy :spaghetti:, @karenzone ?

Reviewer: It's there for other plugins, so let's leave it, please.
